In Kubernetes, the health of a container is determined by two separate probes: liveness that
determines if the container is running, and readiness which indicates when the container is
able to receive traffic.

+   readline probe:
    Perform HTTP request every number of second with timeout
    Now, any time the container fails to respond to the readiness check, that Pod will be
    temporarily removed from the service.

+   liveness probe:
    Cơ chế liveness probe được sử dụng để kiểm tra xem khi nào thì nên khởi động lại một pods. 
    Tức là nó sẽ kiểm tra xem ứng dụng của bạn còn sống hay đã chết hoặc không hoạt động đúng chức năng
    
    Perform HTTP request every number of second with timeout
    After the failure of time of specific activities. 
    For example, perform HTTP request to server. Consider 10 error responses in a row to indicate the container is not ready 
        --> Pod will be restart


Thứ hai, chúng ta có một số strategy để update application trong k8s là:
+   Rolling update
Kubernetes waits for the new group of Pods to become available, then terminates
the same number of Pods running the old version, repeating this until all Pods are running
the new version.
Update từng cái cho tới khi  

+   Replacement update
Immediately delete pod, then recreate pod
With the right readiness checks in place, this downtime could
be as short as the time to boot the first Pod, assuming it can handle the client traffic at that
moment in time.

With the right readiness checks in place, this downtime could
be as short as the time to boot the first Pod, assuming it can handle the client traffic at that
moment in time. 

+   Blue/green strategy
The Blue/Green strategy is a rollout strategy where the new application version is deployed
alongside the existing version. These versions are given the names “blue” and “green”. When
the new version is fully deployed, tested, and ready to go – the service is cut over. If there’s
a problem, it can be immediately cut back, and after a time if everything looks good, the old
version can be removed.

